docs(backups): new terminology and mirror backups (#6837)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: docs/mirror_backup.md

# Mirror Backups

> the goal is to replicate a backup from one remote to another. For example you make your backup to a NFS in house and then replicate to a bigger, slower and cheaper storage with a longer retention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal is to replicate a backup from one remote to another. For instance, you make your backup to an in-house NFS, and then replicate to a bigger, slower and cheaper storage with a longer retention.
```

> The source and destination can have different settings, for encryption, vhd storage mode, rentention, or compression.

Reviewer: Markdown ignore single line-breaks, add a blank line to mark a paragraph.

Also: typos.

```suggestion

The source and destination can have different settings, for encryption, VHD storage mode, retention, or compression.
```

> ## creation

Reviewer: Capitalization.

# Mirror Backups

The goal is to replicate a backup from one remote to another. For instance, you make your backup to in-house NFS storage, and then replicate to bigger, slower and cheaper storage with a longer retention.

The source and destination can have different settings for encryption, VHD storage mode, retention, or compression.

## Creation

> Todo : when front is done

Reviewer: Don't we wanna do this?
